docs: clarify closure usage in gan example (#8521)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/common/optimizers.rst

        # update discriminator every 2 steps
        if optimizer_idx == 1:
            if (batch_idx + 1) % 2 == 0:

>                 # closure/training_step will ONLY be called in this case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                # The closure (which includes the `training_step`) won't run if this isn't called
```

Author: no, here it is getting called. 
the point of this is to say there is a missing "else" branch in this if clause where we intentionally omit the call to the step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                # The closure (which includes the `training_step`) won't run if the line below isn't executed
```

clearer?

Author: I would have preferred the else approach initially, but let's not get distracted by these details

>                 # The closure (which includes the `training_step`) won't run if the line below isn't executed

Author: ```suggestion
                # the closure (which includes the `training_step`) won't run if the line below isn't executed
```

        # update discriminator every 2 steps
        if optimizer_idx == 1:
            if (batch_idx + 1) % 2 == 0:
                # closure/training_step will ONLY be called in this case

>                 optimizer.step(closure=optimizer_closure)
>                 

Author: ```suggestion
                optimizer.step(closure=optimizer_closure)
```

        if optimizer_idx == 1:
            if (batch_idx + 1) % 2 == 0:
                optimizer.step(closure=optimizer_closure)
            else:

>                 # closure/training_step won't be called in this case

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                ...  # closure/training_step won't be called in this case
```

Reviewer 3: Instead of adding an `else`, why not add `closure/training_step would only be called in this case` comment under if statement?

Author: no specific reason, one or the other way is equivalent in the information it provides.
doing both is probably redundant

>             if (batch_idx + 1) % 2 == 0:
>                 optimizer.step(closure=optimizer_closure)
>             else:
>                 # closure/training_step won't be called in this case

Author: ```suggestion
            if (batch_idx + 1) % 2 == 0:
                # closure/training_step will ONLY be called in this case
                optimizer.step(closure=optimizer_closure)
                
```
